can you play adeles latest album
can you play music by prince
can you play some contemporary music
can you play some rihanna please?
can you play something from the disco genre?
can you play the country song crazy beautiful
can you play the lastest album of rihanna?
can you play track 1 of adeles new album
can you play track 2 of prince's album 1999.
can you play track 5 of billie eilish first album
can you please play the track unfaithful
come to my window is my favorite song by melissa etheridge please play it
could you please play the newest single by drake?
i wanna hear some jain
i want to hear madonna
i want to hear opiate by tool.
i want to hear taylor swift's song blank space.
i want to hear the song songbird.
i want to listen to bohemian rhapsody
i want to listen to elo, lets play some
i want to listen to industrial music
i want to listen to skinny puppy
i want to play a jazz song from the 50's.
i want to play a song by the band nirvana.
i want to play always for you
i want to play korn
i want to play the song stairway to heaven now
i want you to play mr blue sky by elo next
i wish to play hello i love you by the doors.
i would like to hear the third track from the first led zeppelin album
i would like to hear unhappy birthday from the smiths
i would like to listen to nine inch nails, please
i would like you to play ban all the music for me, please
lets have a listen to bohemian rhapsody by queen
lets have don't stop me now by queen
play a country song by carrie underwood
play a rock song by led zepplin.
play a soul song for me
play anything by frank sinatra
play boney james jazz
play boyfriend song by ariana grande feat social house
play boys don't cry from the cure
play closer again, please
play closer by nine inch nails, please
play comics by caravan palace
play drake
play elton john
play get right by jlo
play god only knows by the beach boys.
play heavy metal songs
play i want it that way by iron maiden
play in the shadows by the rasmus.
play jesus take the wheel by carrie underwood
play journey works.
play like a prayer from madonna.
play me grace by jeff buckley.
play mettalica
play nas
play red hot chilli peppers
play rock and roll
play run to the hills
play shake it off by taylor swift
play some r&b for me please.
play some songs from michael jackson, please
play some speed metal
play some vintage judas priest
play something by hozier
play something by madonna
play that eminem song
play the celine dion track my heart will go on.
play the latest pop hits.
play the most recent taylor swift releases
play the rolling stones
play the sentinel by judas priest
play the track cake in the ocean
play the track somebody that i used to know
play the track sugar by maroon 5.
play the track who let the dogs out
play track 1 of ani difranco's dilate.
play track 4 on the frank sinatra disk.
play track 5 please.
play track 8 on this disk please.
play track five now
play track three of janet jackson
play track two of james brown second album
play yellow submarine by the beatles
please play a pop song.
please play any song by queen
please play death metal
please play get up 10
please play hip hop
please play how great thou art by elvis.
please play million reasons by lady gaga
please play music by madonna
please play run to the hills by iron maiden
please play some ja rule
please play some of cher's music
please play some r and b
please play the song gravity by sara bareilles
please play the song hurt by nine inch nails
please play the song wall of water by mayhem
please play track 10 of the beatles album listed first.
please play track 2 of kiss.
please put some folk music on.
please start playing track 5 of the current album in my favorite list.
please would you play amsterdam by nothing but thieves at an acceptable volume.
please, play some rap music for me
put on hello by adele
put on some jazz for me
put on the track rockstar by post malone
start playing skinny love by bon iver
start playing track 1 of the ac/dc album
turn on john lennon's imagine
turn on tamally maak by amr diab
would you play the sentinel by judas priest
would you please play some random 80's music for me?
you can play that rock music.
